Establish the Apache <Name> Project

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors deems it to be in the best
interests of the Foundation and consistent with the
Foundation's purpose to establish a Project Management
Committee charged with the creation and maintenance of
open-source software, for distribution at no charge to the
public, related to <a clear mission statement>

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a Project Management
Committee (PMC), to be known as the "Apache <Name> Project", be
and hereby is established pursuant to Bylaws of the Foundation;
and be it further

RESOLVED,that the Apache <Name> Project be and hereby is
responsible for the creation and maintenance of software
related to <same mission statement>.

RESOLVED, that the office of "Vice President, Apache <Name>" be
and hereby is created, the person holding such office to serve
at the direction of the Board of Directors as the chair of the
Apache <Name> Project, and to have primary responsibility for
management of the projects within the scope of responsibility
of the Apache <Name> Project; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the persons listed immediately below be and
hereby are appointed to serve as the initial members of the
Apache <Name> Project:

<< here, list out each PMC member, in the format of
* First Last <apache email>
>>

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that <Elected VP> be
appointed to the office of Vice President, Apache <Name>, to
serve in accordance with and subject to the direction of the
Board of Directors and the Bylaws of the Foundation until
death, resignation, retirement, removal or disqualification,
or until a successor is appointed; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the initial Apache <Name> PMC be and hereby is
tasked with the creation of a set of bylaws intended to
encourage open development and increased participation in the
Apache <Name> Project; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the Apache <Name> Project be and hereby is tasked
with the migration and rationalization of the Apache Incubator
<Name> podling; and be it further

RESOLVED, that all responsibilities pertaining to the Apache
Incubator <Name> podling encumbered upon the Apache Incubator
Project are hereafter discharged.
